Recon-ng
recon-ng is a module-based framework for
web-based information gathering.
It displays the results of a module to the
terminal
but can also stores the in a database.
Much of the power of recon-ng lies in
feeding the results of one module
into another,
allowing us to quickly expand the scope
of our information gathering.
Let’s use recon-ng to compile interesting
data about MegaCorp One.
To get started, let’s simply run recon-ng.
According to the output, we need to
install various modules to use recon-ng.
We can add modules from the recon-ng
“Marketplace”.
We’ll search the marketplace from the
main prompt with marketplace search,
providing a search string as an argument.
In this example, we will search for
modules that contain the term github.
Notice that some of the modules are marked
with an asterisk in the “K” column.
These modules require credentials or API
keys for third-party providers.
The recon-ng wiki maintains a short list
of the keys used by its modules.
Some of these keys are available to free
accounts,
while others require a subscription.
We can learn more about a module by using
marketplace info
followed by the module name.
Since the GitHub modules require API keys,
let’s use this command to examine the
domains-hosts google_site_web module.
According to its description, this module searches Google with the “site” operator
and it doesn’t require an API key.
Let’s install the module with marketplace
install.
After installing the module,
we can load it with modules load
followed by the name of the module.
Then, we’ll use info to display details
about the module and required parameters.
Notice that the output contains additional
information about the module
now that we’ve installed it and loaded it.
According to the output, the module
requires the use of a source,
which is the target we want to gather
information about.
In this case, we will use options set
SOURCE megacorpone.com
to set our target domain.
Finally, we run the module.
The results mirror what we found from the
Netcraft DNS search.
However, we haven’t wasted our time here.
Recon-ng stores results in a local
database
and these results will feed into other
recon-ng modules.
We can use the show hosts command to view
stored data.
We have five hosts in our database but no
additional information on them.
Perhaps another module can fill in the IP
addresses.
Let’s examine hosts resolve with
marketplace info.
The module description suits our needs
so we will install it with marketplace
install.
Once the module is installed, we can use
it with modules load,
and run info to display information about
the module and its options.
This module will resolve the IP address
for a host.
We have four options we can set for
the source:
default, string, path, and query.
Each option has a description alongside
it.
For example, in the google_site_web module
we used a string value.
However, we want to leverage the
database this time.
If we use the “default” value,
recon-ng will look up the host information
in its database
for any records that have a host name but
no IP address.
By selecting the “default” source,
the module will run against all hosts in
our database automatically.
Let’s try this out by leaving our source
set to “default”
and then running the module.
Nice. We now have IP addresses for the
five domains.
If we show hosts again,
we can verify the database has been
updated with the results of both modules.